# Process Journal
## Tiny Game | 01.23.25
Welcome to my design journal… I don’t really know what 
I’ll be writing here and how but I am writing this 
before creating my first tiny game on Jan 17th. I want 
to put a lot of effort into this class and come out 
with stuff I am happy with and learn lots and lots.

Okay so before actually making the game I have many 
thoughts and ideas. I haven’t looked at the engines yet 
however I want to make a fun quick game that is a 
little challenging platformer type game. Not really 
sure what I am going to do but going to jump right into 
it now.

Back now from making it that was lots of fun. I made 5 
levels that are “pretty difficult” and it’s just a 
simple start at one point get to the end point. I used 
a tool called PocketPlatformer and it was very good. I 
wanted to make a game that was challenging and quick. I 
was very confused at first then it started to flow and 
next I know I was making level after level. I tried to 
use most of the components in the tool (sprites, 
mechanics, etc.) because I thought it would be cool to 
use everything. I also added optional coins on each 
level because I like that aspect of most games its 
interesting to me since it isn’t mandatory and adds a 
challenge to every level.

Here is the game: [Tiny Game Project](../Projects/TinyPlatformer.html).

Here are the 
levels if you 
want to take a look before playing (they 
are pretty simple start at red get to green):


![Level 1](Media/Level%201.png) 

![Level 2](Media/Level%202.png)

![Level 3](Media/Level%203.png)

![Level 4](Media/Level%204.png)

![Level 5](Media/Level%205.png)

I had lots of fun doing this and kinda accomplished what I wanted to. I’m very excited to continue and use Unity and make something with more depth and on my own. The tool was very simple and easy to use and just allowed me to do the platformer I wanted.

After playtesting played some fun games and my favorite was the puzzle game by Ryan very simple and easy to pick up. Very good implementation. My game was a hit however it was just people trying to beat it because it was really difficult so it became a mini challenge for everyone.


